oop-static_modifier-hard-q6 (#722)
canvas-gamification/canvas-gamification-junit-tests: src/oop/static_modifier/hard/q6/QuestionText.md

# oop-static_modifier-hard-q6

- Question Type: Java question

## Farm Class

Your `Farm` class must have the following requirements:

- Attributes:

>     - A _static_ `double` called **foodInSilo**. This represents the total number of food available in the silo for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - A _static_ `double` called **foodInSilo**. This represents the total amount of food available in the silo for
```

      `Farm` objects, and should be set initially to 50 without having to call the constructor. Note that
      it should not be visible from other classes.
    - A `double` called **amountPerAnimal** which is the amount of the food needed for each animal. Note that it should
      not be visible from other classes.
    - An `int` called **numAnimals** which is the number of animals in the farm. Note that it should
      not be visible from other classes.

- Constructors:
    - A constructor that is accessible from other methods, and accepts a `double` and an `int` as parameters to set the
      **amountPerAnimal** and **numAnimals** attribute of the object.

- Methods:
    - Note that all methods in this class should be visible from another class
    - A `foodNeeded` method which returns a `double` equal to the value of **amountPerAnimal** times **numAnimals**
      which represents the total amount of food needed by the `Farm` object.
    - A `feedAnimals` method which prints "Animals fed and happy" if the total food needed is less than the

>       amount available in the **foodInSilo** variable, and subtract it from available food. If there is not enough

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      amount available in the **foodInSilo** variable, and subtracts the value from the available food. If there is not enough
```

      food it should print "We need to buy more food" and subtract nothing.

## TestFeeding Class

Your `TestFeeding` class must have the following items:

- Main method:
    - A `main` method which initializes 3 `Farm` objects with the following **amountPerAnimal** amounts in order:
      0.5, 0.2, 1 and following **numAnimals** numbers in order: 10, 20, 50. Then in a loop from first to third farm
      it should try to donate food by printing "Try to feed animals here... " and using **feedAnimals** method until there

>       can not be any food donated. Then it should print "There is no more food left today." All prints are in separate lines.

Reviewer: change TestFeeding to match this description. You are still not printing "There is no more food left today." or "Try to feed animals here..."

# oop-static_modifier-hard-q6

- Question Type: Java question

> 

Reviewer: Animals are an important part of farm life and require a lot of food. Write a Java class called `Farm` to keep track of the animals and available food using the requirements below. Then write a class called `TestFeeding` to test the `Farm` using the next set of requirements below.

Reviewer: Add this as question text

## Farm Class

Your `Farm` class must have the following requirements:

- Attributes:

>     - A _static_ `double` called **foodDonation**. This represents the total number of food available for
>       donation to `Farm` objects, and should be set initially to 50 without having to call the constructor. Note that
>       it should not be visible from other classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - A _static_ `double` called **foodInSilo**. This represents the total number of food available in the silo for 
    `Farm` objects, and should be set initially to 50 without having to call the constructor. Note that
      it should not be visible from other classes.
```

Reviewer: change attribute name in the rest accordingly

    - A `double` called **amountPerAnimal** which is the amount of the food needed for each animal. Note that it should
      not be visible from other classes.
    - An `int` called **numAnimals** which is the number of animals in the farm. Note that it should
      not be visible from other classes.

- Constructors:
    - A constructor that is accessible from other methods, and accepts a `double` and an `int` as parameters to set the
      **amountPerAnimal** and **numAnimals** attribute of the object.

- Methods:
    - Note that all methods in this class should be visible from another class
    - A `foodNeeded` method which returns a `double` equal to the value of **amountPerAnimal** times **numAnimals**
      which represents the total amount of food needed by the `Farm` object.

>     - A `receiveDonation` method which prints "Thank you for your donation." if the total food needed is less than the
>       amount available for donation, **foodDonation** value and subtract it from available food, and prints "Thank you,
>       but there is not enough for everyone here." otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - A `feedAnimals` method which prints "Animals fed and happy." if the total food needed is less than the
      amount available in the **foodInSilo** variable, and subtract it from available food. If there is not enough
      food it should print "We need to buy more food." and subtract nothing.
```

Reviewer: update other areas a relevant

> ## TestDonation Class
> 
> Your `TestDontion` class must have the following items:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## TestFeeding Class

Your `TestFeeding` class must have the following items:
```

- Main method:
    - A `main` method which initializes 3 `Farm` objects with the following **amountPerAnimal** amounts in order:
      0.5, 0.2, 1 and following **numAnimals** numbers in order: 10, 20, 50. Then in a loop from first to third farm

>       it should try to donate food by printing "Try to donate here... " and using **recieveDonation** method until there

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      it should try to donate food by printing "Try to feed animals here... " and using **recieveDonation** method until there
```

>       can not be any food donated. Then it should print "There is no more food left today.". All prints are in separate lines.

Reviewer: It does not currently print "There is no more food left today."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      can not be any food donated. Then it should print "There is no more food left today." All prints are in separate lines.
```
